added company structure documentation (#273)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/appendices/migration-guides.md

## `2.11.0` -> `2.12.0`

#### New link added to `<AccountNavigation>`

> The company structure link is added to the `<AccountNavigation>` component. This link is part of the B2B features so if you need it you need it and have overridden `<AccountNavigation>` component you need to apply [the same changes in this diff to your `<AccountNavigation>` override](https://gitlab.com/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/merge_requests/802/diffs#diff-content-e7af65f5100c0e8b1d5bda98a735eb5744a44386)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The company structure link is added to the `<AccountNavigation>` component. This link is part of the B2B features so if you need it and overrode the `<AccountNavigation>` component you need to apply [the same changes in this diff to your overridden `<AccountNavigation>`](https://gitlab.com/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/merge_requests/802/diffs#diff-content-e7af65f5100c0e8b1d5bda98a735eb5744a44386)
```

```scss
@import "~theme/components/molecules/LoadingOverlay/LoadingOverlay";

> ```

Reviewer 2: to remove ?

#### New style sheets

If you have overriden `theme/components/_components.scss` you need to add the following line to it

```scss
@import "~theme/components/molecules/LoadingOverlay/LoadingOverlay";
```

If you are using the B2B module and have overriden `theme/_b2b.scss` you need to add the following lines to it

```scss
@import "~theme/modules/Company/CompanyStructure/CompanyStructure";
@import "~theme/components/organisms/Tree/Tree";

> 

Reviewer 2: empty line
